README.md, before:

# Stackoverflow Card generator

## Introduction:

As the name suggests, it's a simple Stackoverflow card generator that uses Stackoverflow API to fetch profile details and present those details in form of a card.

See it in action here: [https://stackoverflow-card-generator.vercel.app/](https://stackoverflow-card-generator.vercel.app/)

Details shown on the Card includes
- Profile Display Name
- Profile Picture
- Stackoverflow Reputation
- No. of Gold, Silver and Bronze badges.

## Technologies used:
- NextJS
- Stackoverflow API
- TailwindCSS

## System Requirements:
- Node-v14.18.1 or Later
- Yarn-v1.22.17

## Setup on your Local:

1. Clone the repository using command: `https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator.git`

2. Install Dependencies using `yarn`

3. Visit `http://localhost:3000/` to see it in Action.

## Todo:
1. Code Cleanup and optimization
2. Theming option.
3. More details to the Card.
4. Way to export the Card as an Image.
5. Option to Embed the card to the GitHub Profile Readme.md file

## Contributing

There are following options to contribute to this project.
- Add a New feature and raise a Pull Request.
- Pick up any issue from [issues List](https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator/issues)
- Raise a feature request or issue in the [Github issues](https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator/issues).
- Feel free to [fork](https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator/fork) and create a new project with new features.

Commit message:

Adds instructions to start the development server.

README.md, after:

# Stackoverflow Card generator

## Introduction:

As the name suggests, it's a simple Stackoverflow card generator that uses Stackoverflow API to fetch profile details and present those details in form of a card.

See it in action here: [https://stackoverflow-card-generator.vercel.app/](https://stackoverflow-card-generator.vercel.app/)

Details shown on the Card includes
- Profile Display Name
- Profile Picture
- Stackoverflow Reputation
- No. of Gold, Silver and Bronze badges.

## Technologies used:
- NextJS
- Stackoverflow API
- TailwindCSS

## System Requirements:
- Node-v14.18.1 or Later
- Yarn-v1.22.17

## Setup on your Local:

1. Clone the repository using command: `https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator.git`

2. Install Dependencies using `yarn`

3. Run `yarn dev` to start the development server.

3. Visit `http://localhost:3000/` to see it in Action.

## Todo:
1. Code Cleanup and optimization
2. Theming option.
3. More details to the Card.
4. Way to export the Card as an Image.
5. Option to Embed the card to the GitHub Profile Readme.md file

## Contributing

There are following options to contribute to this project.
- Add a New feature and raise a Pull Request.
- Pick up any issue from [issues List](https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator/issues)
- Raise a feature request or issue in the [Github issues](https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator/issues).
- Feel free to [fork](https://github.com/akshaykhale1992/stackoverflow-card-generator/fork) and create a new project with new features.
